[cmake] Build executables with -no_exported_symbols when building Apple toolchain (#87684)
llvm/llvm-project: llvm/docs/CMake.rst

  Generate dSYM files and strip executables and libraries (Darwin Only).
  Defaults to OFF.

**LLVM_ENABLE_EXPORTED_SYMBOLS**:BOOL
  When building executables, preserve symbol exports. Defaults to ON. 

>   You can use this option to disable exported symbols on all executable build

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Setting this option to ``OFF`` removes exported symbols from all executables.
```

Reviewer: Nit: Documentation tends not to use "You" as the subject.

Author: That's what I initially thought as well but a lot of the LLVM_INCLUDE* variables on the lines below follow a "You can use this option..." And they also have similar behavior which defaults to ON.

Reviewer: Well if there's precedent I guess you can go either way. I'm personally not a fan but you should go with whatever you prefer.
